= Devise Password Changable

Extension for devise to provide password change without using registerable module.

== Installation for Rails 3

Add line below to your Gemfile:

  gem 'devise_password_changable'
  
and run _bundle_.

In your custom _User_ model in devise block add:

  password_changable

so, it'll look like this:

  devise :database_authenticatable, :recoverable, :trackable, :password_changable

Now, password change is available to your users, so they can visit e.g. path yourapp.com/users/password_change and change their password.

== Customizing

You can customize view "devise-way" if you are using _scoped_views_, by creating your own, customized show view file:

  app
    views
      users
        change_passwords
          show.html.erb
          
== ToDo

Write some tests with test_app...

== Contributing to devise_password_changable

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Szymon Fiedler. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

